Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, most of your time, you're going to have contact errors, and these errors is going to get thrown
on your vehicle, which might as well break your heart.
So now what?
I'm going to do this lecture, I'm going to try to get rid of that.
So instead of trying it at the code, you can trace on our debug console.
So to do that, you have to click on this over here.
Okay.
Now you're going to see something I call stock.
Click on that stock.
So you're going to see this.
So I'll check this.
All the sessions for this are going to be checked, so I'll check it as well.
Check this out.
Called Sessions.
Okay.
Now, when you have that error, it's not going to trade on your visa code is going to trade on your
the bug console.
So naturally, I don't apply each other.
It's a little hard.
We start this.
Okay.
I just started.
It's up to you to.
Okay.
Now I will never get to.
The rig is separated right now since we don't have it so that it returns the color wishes of blue.
Now, you can see we don't have any watch.
So that's obviously a.
What if you could check our work?
You're going to see that arrow.
Could you work also?
Okay, great.
You can see he's trying to say we need to get coalition to load that image.
So if not because of this, we just checked, he's gonna throw that error on our visa code, and most
of the time it's going to crash our app.
So, like I said, not to locate this.
They're going to click on this over here.
You're going to see something there called Stack.
I've read it online so that was I can't find does cost stack for probably you're going to see something
like a cost stack like on it you're going to see this breakpoints default is going to be checked.
So you can just object both the assertion and the court's assertions.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this picture.